what years was Prof. Darrell on the faculty of the MIT EECS department?
where did Randy H. Katz receive his B.A?
How many years did Borivoje Nikolic spend working at Texas Instruments Storage Products Group in San Jose?
Who did UC Berkeley celebrate in the anniversary of 150 Years of Women at Berkeley (150W) in 2020?
Who is the EECS Chair at Berkeley?
Who was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences on April 18, 2018?
What percentage can the code required for computer simulations be reduced by using Simit?
In which year was the Fall 2021 EECS Department Colloquium cancelled?
When did Allen J. Lichtenberg pass away?
Who has been appointed the next director of the Mathematics and Computer Science division at Argonne National Lab?
Who authored the paper "Oracle-Guided Component-Based Program Synthesis"?
What year was Stephen Tu awarded the Google Fellowship?
What is the publication date of the document?
How many upper division units do students need to complete for the CS major?
What is the title of the document?
Who won the 2020 IEEE Marie Sklodowska-Curie Award?
How much does each Kamigami kit cost?
What is the publication title?
What percentage of intra-application vulnerabilities were fixed by the proposed modifications?
Who won the BSA Excellence in Management Awards?
When was Stuart Russell named an Honorary Fellow of Wadham College?
When was the 2014 Rising Stars in EECS workshop held at UC Berkeley?
Who is a 2025/2026 Apple NSI Fellowship and Scholarship Recipient for a 5th-Year M.S. program?
When are the regular business hours for rooms in Cory/Soda Halls?
Who won the NVIDIA Graduate Fellowship?
Who was named 2019 Marconi Society Paul Baran Young Scholar?
When did Sara Sheehan complete her Ph.D. Dissertations?
When was the technical report UCB/EECS-2011-110 published?
Was the Fall 2021 EECS Colloquium canceled?
How many times has student enrollment in CS C8 tripled since 2016?
When did Alexei Efros, Ren Ng, and Kameshwar Poolla win EECS outstanding teaching awards?
How thick is a strand of human hair in nanometers?
When did Trevor Darrell receive the ICML Test-of-Time Award?
When was the EECS Department Colloquium Series held in the Spring?
How long does it take to train a model in the new machine-learning training system?
What is the year of the CDSS CS Commencement ceremony?
What is the phone number for the Cory Hall building manager?
Who won the 2017 Bloomberg 50 award?
Who is interviewed in the Robohub podcast about DART?
How much money did CS majors from UC Berkeley win in scholarships and prizes for winning the 2018 Fiesta Bowl Overwatch Collegiate National Championship?
Where will Jitendra Malik be based at Facebook?
When was the article "Buffer Management for Colored Packets with Deadlines" published?
Who is the NSI Faculty Lead?
Who was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences on April 12, 2017?
What award did Chenming Hu win in 2020?
Who received the 2026 James C. McGroddy Prize for New Materials?
How many UC Berkeley EECS faculty were named 2026 Sloan Fellows?
Who won the 2019 ACM/IEEE Supercomputing Conference Test of Time Award?
Who won the 2017 ACM Paris Kanellakis Theory and Practice Award?
When did Harry Huskey die?
Who found a security loophole in WhatsApp?
In which month did the team demonstrate the first implantable dust-sized wireless sensor?
How many researchers has the Simons Institute hosted?
How long is the grace period for EECS staff between their last day and when their EECS account closes?
Who won the ACM Eugene L. Lawler Award?
What year did Tianshi Wang write his Ph.D. dissertation?
What year was the Fall 2021 EECS Colloquium cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic?
How many alumnus were honored as Siebel Scholars in 2020?
When was Ana Arias elevated to IEEE Fellow?
When did Xiaoye Sherry Li's term as Vice President-At-Large of SIAM begin?
What date did Stuart Russell start leading the new Kavli Center for Ethics, Science, and the Public?
When did Tobias Boelter find a vulnerability in WhatsApp?
Who won the 2020 Technical Achievement Awards from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences?
How many faculty members have been elected to the National Academy of Engineering from the EECS department at UC Berkeley?
When did Wes Holliday give his talk?
In what year did William M. Kahan retire from the University?
How much funding did SiFive receive in series C funding?
In what year was Vikram Iyer named a Marconi Society Young Scholar?
When did Umesh Vazirani win the SIGecom Test-Of-Time Award?
What is the Technical Report number?
Where did Alex Dimakis receive his Phd?
Who are the authors of the document?
When was the 2018 Student Awards Ceremony held?
Who were the EECS professors that won the IFAC Fellow Awards in September 2016?
How much research grant money did Narges Nourozi receive?
Who received the EECS Outstanding TA Award in 2019-2020?
What year did Amar S. Chaudhary complete his Ph.D. dissertation?
When are diplomas sent to Fall graduates?
What year was the document published?
Who is no longer active in the department?
When did Fei Fei Li give her talk "From Seeing to Doing: Ascending the Ladder of Visual Intelligence"?
How many units is the CS W186 course at UC Berkeley?
How many units is the course EECS 149?
Who won the 2020 EECS Teaching Awards?
Who won the 2025 IEEE James H. Mulligan, Jr. Education Medal?
When was Shankar Sastry awarded the Berkeley Citation?
When was the technical report published?
What is the Technical Report Number?
What is the Technical Report Number?
When is Bill Dally giving his talk on "Trends in Deep Learning Hardware"?
Who received the 2012 ACM Distinguished Educator award?
When is the talk "Reading Alan Turing" scheduled to take place?
When did Jitendra Malik join Facebook?
Who won the IEEE Founders Medal?
Whose video lessons keep students engaged?
When did Michael I. Jordan receive his PhD?
When was the document published?
What year did Sewon Min receive her Ph.D. in Computer Science & Engineering?
Who won the 2019 IEEE EDS Early Career Award?
In what year did Jan Rabaey win the 2017 SRC Aristotle Award?
Who contributed $1 million to establish the endowment for the Zhang Family Endowed Professor at UC Berkeley?
Who was Berkeley EECS Prof. Joseph Gier?
Who won the 2021-22 Google-CMD-IT LEAP Fellowship Award?
What conference will they present their research at?
What is the Technical Report Number?
When was Warren Hoburg selected by NASA for the 2017 Astronaut Candidate Class?
Who won the 2017 Robert Bosch Micro and Nano Electro Mechanical Systems Award?
What is EECS celebrating this year?
Who won the SIGecom Test-Of-Time Award in 2024?
Who has been named director of the UNT PACCAR Technology Institute?
What package provides an interface between Common LISP and INGRES using SQL?
Which university developed the cache controller for the SPUR multiprocessor system?
When did Michael Lustig receive his BSc in Electrical Engineering?
How many individuals are on the "7 over 70" list?
